Serrano Software
Overview

The Serrano Software is a command-line utility that allows you to perform signal processing and filtering on data using various kernels and transprecision techniques. It is designed to run on a parallelized environment and provides options for optimizing data processing.
Table of Contents

    Installation
    Usage
    Configuration
    Examples
    Contributing
    License

Installation

The Serrano Software does not require a traditional installation process. You can run it directly from the source code by following these steps:

    Clone the Serrano repository from the GitHub repository (provide link if available).

    Ensure you have the necessary dependencies installed. These dependencies may include Python, MPI (Message Passing Interface), and other libraries. Please refer to the project documentation for detailed requirements.

    Navigate to the root directory of the Serrano Software.

    Execute the software by running the main script.

bash

python serrano.py

Usage

To use the Serrano Software, follow the prompts to enter specific parameters:

    Use Case Providers: Choose between "ideko" and "inbestme" as the use case provider.

    Kernel Name: Select the desired kernel for signal processing, such as "kalman filter," "fft filter," "black scholes," "k-means," "sav gol," or "wavelet."

    Number of Signals: Enter the number of signals you want to process.

    Number of Processes: Specify the number of processes to be used for parallelization.

    Precision: Define the precision level for transprecision techniques.

Once you have provided the necessary input, the software will execute the signal processing according to the selected options.
Configuration

The Serrano Software provides several configuration options within the script:

    Parallelization Parameters: You can configure the number of MPI processes for parallel execution.

    Transprecision Techniques: Adjust the precision scenario according to your requirements.

    Kernel Type: Choose between kernels relevant to your use case.

    Workspace and Data Paths: Configure the input and output data paths, workspace, and profiling workspace to match your system setup.

    Additional Parameters: Fine-tune various parameters based on your use case, such as filter settings and hardware configuration.

Examples

Here are some examples of using the Serrano Software:
Example 1: Running the Software

bash

python serrano.py
Enter the use case providers: ideko
Enter the kernel name: kalman filter
Enter the number of signals: 100
Enter the number of processes: 4
Enter the precision: high

Example 2: Running a Different Kernel

bash

python serrano.py
Enter the use case providers: inbestme
Enter the kernel name: fft filter
Enter the number of signals: 50
Enter the number of processes: 8
Enter the precision: low

Contributing

If you'd like to contribute to the Serrano Software project, please follow these steps:

    Fork the repository on GitHub.

    Create a new branch with a descriptive name for your feature or bug fix.

    Make your changes and ensure that your code adheres to the project's coding standards.

    Write tests for your code if applicable.

    Submit a pull request to the main repository.

License

The Serrano Software is released under the [insert license name] license. See the LICENSE file for details.

For any questions, issues, or further information, please refer to the [project repository](insert GitHub link) and [documentation](insert documentation link).
